[Music]
so Agora is a financial user
a billion plus dollars a year in Revenue
per selling newsletters
that's a lot of Revenue to generate from
selling newsletters
[Music]
all right we're going to talk about what
you can learn from the best newsletter
businesses newsletter is just the email
newsletter that you get that's keeping
you updated on subjects that you're
interested in by the way what do you
think is the best newsletter business if
you had to pick one Agora
so Agora is a financial muser think
about like stock trading hedge funds
economy and they have a lot of different
divisions like Stansberry Research Agora
Financial money map press they're all
owned by I think the guy's name is Bill
Bonner and Agora I don't know what
they're doing this year but I remember
because we've done quite a bit of their
marketing over the years it's a billion
plus dollar Revenue company and it may
be a little bit down a little bit more
but that's a lot of Revenue to generate
from selling newsletters on a you know
annual basis like just think about that
a billion plus dollars a year in revenue
for selling newsletter I think it's
impressive I mean there's a lot of
different ways to play it but I think
Agora probably played it the best their
monetization vehicles are for their own
products and so it could be like a
mastermind or it could be a subscription
that cost you know uh five thousand
dollars a year ten thousand dollars a
year there's like proprietary research
that they that they do and they have a
lot of events and things like that right
and people that are really interested in
money or making money they're naturally
okay with spending on stuff like this it
is a massive business the big thing that
I've learned from the newsletter
business and this was just me as a
marketer wasn't actually related to
newsletters it was related to the
concept of if you can get someone in to
your funnel your marketing funnel for
something really cheap free like an
email address or something for a dollar
or five dollars it's really easy to
start selling them things that are a
hundred dollars a thousand dollars ten
thousand takes a lot of work but you can
go Upstream really quickly and what I
learned from Agora working from them is
a you need to go after a big Tam Tam
stands for total adjustable Market
because as a marketer the bigger Market
you go after the easier it is to do
marketing because you can just you know
spray and pray in essence Target a lot
of people so you don't have frequency
issues with your ads the second thing I
learned from them is you just need to
get people in the funnel and get them to
buy something even said dollars worth
because buyers are buyers and it's
really easy to get people to buy more
once they buy once no matter how low
that product was but it's hard to get a
new buyer to buy something whether it's
expensive or cheap so just try to find
something that you can sell profitably
or break even on or lose a little bit of
money selling knowing that you can
generate way more Revenue in the long
run from people great example of Amazon
right Amazon will sell people sometimes
they'll lose money with things like
Prime but they know they'll make the
money in the long run because people
keep coming back and buying more and
more and it makes them really profitable
what Neil is talking about is also known
as a tripwire so people in the internet
marketing world will create a tripwire
where you might sell something for a
dollar or ten dollars or whatever and
the whole idea here is you collect a
credit card and then you can figure out
how you can upsell downsell and things
like that so that is it for today please
don't forget to rate review subscribe
hit us on YouTube as well and we'll see
you later now if you have any questions
leave a comment below I'm here to answer
them and help you out if you enjoyed the
video like it share it until got it
thank you very much